Add more explanation for empty test set (#24528)
gradle/gradle: subprojects/tooling-api/readme.md

You can fix it by adding `-PtestJavaVersion=8` to the build.

> This is due to the fact that Gradle 4.6 and older don't support Java 11 and newer, which is checked before filter is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is due to the fact that Gradle 4.6 and older don't support Java 11 and newer, which is checked before the test filter is applied.
```

`org.gradle.integtests.fixtures.executer.DefaultGradleDistribution.worksWith(org.gradle.internal.jvm.Jvm)` is the method that checks this.
This is used by `AbstractCompatibilityTestInterceptor` to filter out incompatible Gradle Versions.
Also all TestPrecondition annotations are checked in an interceptor (e.g. TestPrecondition.NOT_MAC_OS_X). 

> The preconditions will also end up in the same message if the filter all the tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preconditions will also end up in the same message if it filters all tests.
```
